The next stop is the broke stop.
And you can see we have some other four sections right here.
So if you're on the measurements you can see we have kilogrammes in centimeters.
This is really similar to the currencies that we saw in the previous VDU.
If you make a change here for example a probe is two kilograms and then you decide to make the change
to lips.
You have to make the change manually you know the brokes commanders won't make the change for you.
So make sure that you are the kilograms and the dimensions correctly.
Then for example if you at the bottom we have reviews and we have a neighbor program use that's something
nice especially if you're trying to make some marketing.
So it's important when people is trying to buy something from the internet to see some real reviews
on that page so you can enable or disable that.
The reviews I recommend that you add these is going to be important.
Then show the fight or nerd label on the customer reviews.
So this way for example if you enable these if you set up really make the purchase for a brother.
And they may reveal a special label is going to be printed out so you can see we have reviews can be
only left by verify corners there's only persons that fat butchers are broke and they purchased a drug
for no restore are going to be able to create a review of course you can decide if you want to sell
this or no.
Then we have the product ratings and you can see we have a neighbor list that rating on the reviews
so you can enable that or not.
Or you can add a star rating should we require not optional and you can say if that's required or not.
So then we have a display of the second option and you can see for example you can change the name of
the page for the shop when you.
With commerce.
It creates for the front pages.
One of them is a shop page.
So for example you can see we have a sample page that is right on the pages
we have sample page right here.
If you've got if you want to make changes to the shop page you can change their page right there.
Then you have Shar-Pei display and the full a display you can make some changes here.
Why don't we cover the images.
And of course you can make some changes in the sizes.
So for example the catalog images if you're Penshoppe out of the sizes that we can for you and of course
you can make the changes RESPETO to the Sysyphus inventory and Fromkin you can manage the stock.
If you remember we saw already these in previous videos.
And for example you can email where you are going to receive the notifications when I broke or when
you have our lowest doc for my specific product then we have the downloadable products.
And for example you can see we have filed metal's on what you can for so long what or the deck on.
Normally this is fine the default is OK.
So this is it for these products that you can see that we have a lot of different options to make changes
in commerce.
So let's continue with the next one.
Taxus.